But you can't blame me.
I don't want to look down on you either
After all, you are also my fiancé.
After 5 years, you will only sell fried noodles on the street
As long as the people around me mention you
Even I will look down on it
Do you know how stressed I am?
Stress you are stressed
That's because you want to be envied
Want to be promoted by others
And these are more important than your feelings
But
Who in the world doesn't want to be envied?
Who doesn't love vanity when being touted?
Not everyone is as accomplished as you are
And realm, so that's how things are
The more you demand
Instead of
Originally, this crown also had the giant souls of various countries
Congratulations on the top weddings that are all yours
But your mind
Your pattern
Your vision is not worthy of him after all
Born a Crow
Never change phoenix
Is he going to choose?
You have
I don't deserve to stand in this one that belongs to the heroine
On the high stage
Hello Li Wushuang
You're not so heartless
My daughter has spent the past few years
The best youth has been given to you
Otherwise you will have a head and face
You abandoned him
Presumptuous what are you
How dare you accuse Mr. Li of credits
Forget it, Mr. Li, you helped the Tang family rise
Instead of being grateful, they blame you
I can't take it anymore.
Yeah.
Without my support
Tangjiabiwa
You'd better bring your husband and daughter.
Go back to the countryside to farm
Witness, don't do this
I know you like us Aoxue
You will be very happy together
The point is not the shower
You don't deserve it.
I see.
aunt
Forget it, save me some face